Hello guys, in this tutorial I want to
show you how to install GPUi and LTX
video
0.9.8
final version. Okay, first of all, I
have to go here to the Google Chrome.
Once it's opened,
it sources for confi
uh go to the GitHub. The first link
after that we have to go here want to
download the portable version. Select
this portable version. Direct download.
Downloading is begin.
Okay, fine. The download is finished.
Uh, let's go here to my company. I open
portal.
Go right here. Go to winner.
Extract vari portable.
Okay, now it's done.
Okay, before you open the camp UI,
you must download two programs. First
one is Python.
It downloads
the latest version.
Open
install. Now
close this. Second one is G.
You get download
window.
I get for 64 setup download.
Okay, download is finished.
Open.
Next.
Install.
Okay, fine. And take this finish.
Okay, let's go here to my cam UI. Now I
can open this confi. Okay, rung GPU
first. This one is good, better than the
others.
This take some times to install.
Okay, fine. The installing is finished.
But there is a problem. The mod of the
com UI is missing. Okay, let's install.
How to do that? We have to go here.
Search for comi
manage.
Go to the GitHub first link and let's
see how to install this.
The best way to do that we have to
download this script and add it to the
camp UI Windows portable folder
as you can see right here in this image.
Okay, let's do that. The script is
okay. What's problem right here?
There is another way.
Let's see how to do that. Download with
EDM.
Okay. Go to the directory.
Cut this and go to the camp UI Windows
portable.
Paste it right here.
Now
second thing we want to do is to close
the camp UI from this window and this
one.
Let's return here to my camp UI portable
hit install
and let's read a moment
for the installing
list.
I think it's done now. Let's run the
camp
times.
Okay, fine.
After that we have the manage
okay custom nodes manager install
missing loaders custom nodes and other
things
okay now let's move to the next step is
to install the LTK LTX video 0.98
in the next part thank you guys for
watching this all for this tuto